Add the ability to set an explicit domain name property (#16)
pulumi/pulumi-digitalocean: CHANGELOG.md

=========

## HEAD (Unreleased)

> * Add ability to set an explicit domain name via the `name` property on domain resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Disable automatic naming for domain names. The `name` property on `Domain` resources is now required.
```
